hi everyone this is Jillian Beck welcome
to my kitchen today I'll be showing you
my new favorite protein shake recipe
which is a protein Frappuccino now I
know it's pretty simple we'll take two
minutes to make but we're always looking
for you know new delicious protein
recipe protein shakes because we as you
and I both know we probably have a
protein shake every day and so this one
I think is great because a lot of people
love to go to Starbucks
they love their Frappuccino and this is
to me if not just as good it's better so
I love this new new protein shape that
I've come up with the secret ingredient
is PB 2 I've done instant coffee in the
past in my shakes and then recently just
added a tablespoon of the td2 and it was
mind-blowing
so I'm really excited to show you this
what you're gonna need is your vanilla
protein powder now I use whey isolates
it's the leanest in terms of macros very
clean I love BB coms wait I split so
check it out and we're gonna with that
and then we need one tablespoon of our
pv2 which if you haven't heard of this
you need to get it two tablespoons of
this stuff equals 45 calories only 1.5
did I read that right 1.5 grams of fat
so it's a great alternative if you love
peanut butter but don't eat all the fat
and the calories so we've got that we've
got our instant coffee you could also
use like espresso grounds which is that
awesome flavor and kind of gives it like
a a grittier texture but it's really
good so you can do that as well and then
some almond milk and then water and
crushed ice so we'll start with our
protein we'll go ahead and we'll add 1
tbsp of the PB to
then one teaspoon of our instant coffee
of discontent Nescafe but any brand will
really do and then a splash of almond
milk you don't really measure but
usually it's about 1/4 a cup or a splash
I don't know it's not a whole lot so
just add kind of like a creamy texture
based on your macronutrient needs you
could add a whole cup if you wanted I
always go with unsweetened vanilla a
full cup of this stuff equals 30
calories so I mean it's if you want full
cup it's totally fine but I'm just doing
the splash and then I'm adding water and
a bunch of crushed ice which is key so
I'm gonna go over here and add that
alright so we've got our protein PB 2
instant coffee almond milk water and
crushed ice on that and I use the magic
toilet just because I love that it makes
individual protein shakes I use it once
or twice a day
okay and there we go you have to check
out the consistency of this because it's
so frothy and amazing and absolutely
delicious and I put a straw in there
drink it like it's a Frappuccino but to
me it's better I've got my protein it's
under probably 150 calories because the
whey protein so lean and then you've
just got a splash of almond milk no
calories in the and the instant coffee
and then only one tablespoon of the pb2
so you're well under 150 calories plenty
of protein very low carb if any from
your protein powder so you're set to go
I hope you guys enjoy